    -	Login
    -   Cart
    -   Checkout


Login - 

1) blank username correct pass
2) blank password correct UN
3) invalid un valid pass
4) invalid password valid UN
7) both fields blank and click on Login button
8) both invalid and click Login button
9) both valid and click Login - Check for expected landing (Products) page
10) Check if user logges out after 5 mins if session timeout is 5 mins.
11) after login I copy url and paste in another browser, login seesion should continue
12) validating for bountry value analysis for both Username and password text fields


Cart - 

1) Select the products and the number should be displayed the cart indicating how many products are selected to checkout
2) Deselect the product. The number displayed on card should get reduced by the equal number of products that are deselected.
3) After selecting the items click on cart icon, "Your Cart" page should be displayed with the list of selected items.
4) Deselect the item by clicking on Remove button. Item should get vanished from "Your Cart" page and on Products page "Remove" button should 
   be chaged back to "Add To Cart" button.
5) User should be able to select all the items at one time and should be able to add to the cart.
6) from "Your Cart" page user should be able to go back to Products page by clicking on "Continue Shopping" button.
7) On "Your Cart" page when user clicks on item name which is a link, products details page should be displayed.
8) Click on "Continue shopping" button, products page should be displayed.
9) Check only the item/items selected on products page are getting displayed on "Your Cart" page with same details and price.


Checkout-

1) Click on CheckOut button.  "Checkout: Your Information" page should be displayed.  
2) Fill in the valid details and click on Continue button, "Checkout: Overview" page should be displayed.
3) Verify that only the items present on "Your Cart" page and if they are not removed from the list, should be displayed on "Checkout: Overview" page.
4) On "Checkout: Your Information" page click on cancel button, "Your cart" page should be displayed.
5) On "Checkout: Your Information" page click on Continue keeping the required filleds blank, "Error: First Name is required" error message should be displayed.
6) check for availability of All Items, About, Logout and Reset App State links on top right corner of page for all the pages except login page
7) After verifying the items related and payment related information click on Finish.  "Checkout: Complete!" page should be displayed with "Thank you for your order!"
message.
8) Click on "Back Home" button, use should be redirected to Products page.



Note -

1) For Automation only main flow for Login, Cart and Checkout is considered.
2) Java script pop-up alert message automation is not required as it dosent appear while running the automation scripts.
3) static or dynamic waits are not required in the scripts as application is quite fast and no issue with display of objects in expected time.
4) I have covered end-to-end pytest framework though only for 3 test cases.























